{\rtf1\mac\ansicpg10000\cocoartf102
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset77 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset77 Helvetica-Bold;\f2\fswiss\fcharset77 Helvetica-Oblique;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural

\f1\b \cf0 What is a static window ?
\f0\b0 \
\
A static window can contains any number of view (displaying either sound, spectrum or sonogram data). User can performs any number of computation (spectrum or sonogram) to the data inside the static window. To create a static window, use the item "New static window" of the menu "File". A static window can be saved to disk and loaded back at any time.\
\
Static window contains a list showing the available views. View can be dragged from the list to one of the right view to be displayed and analyzed.\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\f1\b \cf0 What is a view ?\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\f0\b0 \cf0 \
View can display several kind of data: sound, spectrum or sonogram. Each view can be customized with the Inspector floating window. A view is selected when its title's color is orange: the view is then called the current view.\
\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\f1\b \cf0 Managing the cursor\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\f0\b0 \cf0 \
The cursor can be moved with the mouse. Its position is displayer in the view and in the Inspector window.\
\
Arrows keys allows to move precisely the cursor. Read the Keyboard topic for more information.\
\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\f1\b \cf0 Drag-and-drop\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\f0\b0 \cf0 \
View can be copied from one window to another window through the drag-and-drop feature. Views dragged from the left list can be dropped in one of the right view of the window to be displayed and analyzed.\
\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\f1\b \cf0 Playback the sound (Sound Menu)\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\f0\b0 \cf0 \
Available only in amplitude view, AudioXplorer lets you playback the signal using the playerhead. The playerhead can be moved using the mouse and the Option key.\
\
The sound menu offers the ability to play the sound or only the current selection.\
\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\f1\b \cf0 Record a sound (Sound Menu)\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\f0\b0 \cf0 \
To record a sound in the current static window, choose the item "Record Sound\'c9" of the menu "Sound". A record sheet will be displayed: the maximum duration of the record as well as the gain can be modified. Once recorded, clic the Add button to add the recorder sound into the static window.\
\
Preferences of AudioXplorer let the user configure the current input and output device.\
\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\f1\b \cf0 Generate a sound (Sound Menu)\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\f0\b0 \cf0 \
To generate a sinusoidal, cosinusoidal, square or triangular sound in the current static window, choose the item "Generate Sound\'c9" of the menu "Sound". A generate sheet will be displayed: the amplitude, frequency and duration of the sine wave can be chosen. Clic the Generate button to generate the sine wave into the static window. The current version of AudioXplorer can only generate sound at 44.1 kHz.\
\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\f1\b \cf0 Compute a spectrum (Analyze Menu)\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\f0\b0 \cf0 \
When the current view contains amplitude data, the "Analyze" menu will allows the following spectrum operations:\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\f2\i \cf0 Spectrum at cursor location\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\f0\i0 \cf0 AudioXplorer will compute the spectrum at the current cursor position.\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\f2\i \cf0 Spectrum of selection\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\f0\i0 \cf0 AudioXplorer will compute the spectrum of the current selection.\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\f2\i \cf0 Spectrum Parameters\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\f0\i0 \cf0 Opens the spectrum parameters dialog: width of the spectrum and windowing can be chosen. Also, the width of the spectrum at the cursor location can be displayed.\
\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\f1\b \cf0 Compute a Sonogram (Analyze Menu)\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\f0\b0 \cf0 \
When the current view contains amplitude data, the "Analyze" menu will allows the following Sonogram computation:\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\f2\i \cf0 Sonogram\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\f0\i0 \cf0 AudioXplorer will compute the sonogram of the current amplitude (for the current visual range).\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\f2\i \cf0 Sonogram of selection\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\f0\i0 \cf0 AudioXplorer will compute the sonogram of the current selection.\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\f2\i \cf0 Sonogram Parameters\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\f0\i0 \cf0 Opens the Sonogram parameters dialog: size of the window and the window offset to be used for the sonogram computation. The window size corresponds to the size of each spectrum of the sonogram and the window offset corresponds to the offset between two spectrum.\
\
\
}